hey everybody welcome back to northern
land please abiding by suppose we define
on the last episode we got stuff done as
Cain we unlocked Abel
aka what a snooze we could do greedier
but we kind of got to make up the
difference here you know what Eden
negative with the side of hush if
possible start with the coupon great
rate of fire my face is broken it's just
a mustache jsv 9 c 9 f 3 and paralysis
so how you do and there we go we get to
move again this is tough right off the
bed I love our stats by the way speed
even damage but especially rate of fire
are all up there as far as like
above-average stats go but the real
problem right now was the fact that I
had to give up a guppy item
I love Guppies head but the coupon as
much as I think that the coupon is a
much worse item the Guppies head it's uh
arguably and I guess well you know the
the facts will come to bear that here
hopefully arguably much better if you
get it a lot earlier so we got it super
early we will take anti grab mostly just
to get this ridiculous dr. Manhattan
cosplay going well yeah you know if we
use coupon properly you could
conceivably give us a bunch of free
items it also works on deals with the
devil it's a little bit more exciting
than guppy said Guppies head is like the
item you settle for it's the item you go
well you know this runs approaching the
end of its existence we're gonna need a
little extra damage if not now than when
we get a bomb to start with I don't
think we want to reroll any of this yet
oh my god there was nothing a value
there that's annoying we might not get
another charge here but we got a you
know keep an eye out regardless um if we
can get a couple of good let me put it
this way you know this is like journey's
don't stop believin our run has started
we're a small town girl living in a
lonely world we want to take that
midnight train anywhere we don't want to
take the you know 9:00 a.m. into the
city workin for the man every
they like a mix and metaphors here but
the point is we're gonna bet on
potential instead of betting on
certainty cuz certainty right now is
kind of boring potential could be
anything it could even be certainty
oh I dodge right into that that being
said the run is strong already
it doesn't need Guppies head to be
strong plus we got rod and baby which is
kind of like a passive Guppies head sort
of torn photo probably wait a minute
never mind torn photo did do something
for us we have a ridiculously high rate
of fire like much higher than you would
ever expect for a first floor especially
with the amount of damage we got which
is you know above average in and of
itself for floor one unlikely we're
gonna get another charge but I think we
have an obligation to ourselves to at
least take a look maybe we can get an
arcade as well only takes a second to
break all these poops so I had one of
those mornings like I woke up I pulled
something in my neck like right off the
bat I don't know what it is about the
human body but you know a neck strain is
like the worst pain at least the most
annoying pain cuz it's like a 1 out of
10 but it's a 1 to 10 permanently like I
I'm sitting all weird in my chair here
my posture is all affected but I know
it's gonna be fine in like a day but I
still can't help myself I'm trying to
like grab my neck with the reverse nice
in the reverse steven seagal here and
then you know twisted in the hopes that
I don't know by wrenching my neck
violently in one direction it'll somehow
alleviate the pain seems unlikely
why yeah that's why I like it but if I
was designing humans step 1 no neck that
sounds like a shot at my co-host it's
not intended to be I don't mean no
Nicolas I mean no neck the neck is just
it's just there to annoy you you might
say oh you know it allows you to turn
your head now we'll just put it on like
we'll just put your head in the center
of your chest then you can turn your
hips if you want to I ask bad damage we
need this deal with the devil thank God
we got the spirit art back there to
begin with but we need this deal with
the devil
a lot of things I would change or I
would change I should say no tube in the
human body would have two purposes every
tube would have one purpose it's the
difference between an old-school
fountain drink and a coca-cola freestyle
machine well should it not use my bomb
but it's not like we didn't get a reward
out of it anyway I don't want more than
one fluid coming out of the same nozzle
if I was remaking the human body we'd
have different nozzles for different
fluids and for different purposes of all
variety you know when you drink the
liquid goes down a different tube then
the food goes down which is the
different tube than the air goes down
and you know you get the idea the
general gist of it at the very least
okay let's open this up we don't really
want any of this to be honest with you
we just don't
in fact we obviously in case it's not
abundantly clear we also do not want the
item room item which is just Giga fart
or is that it no it's kidney bean though
the love tooths
we still need no no no no careful hole
we still need to get our deal with the
devil here we don't have to no
teleporting enemies I'm sorry I played
so bad but it's my neck owl it just it's
not doing very well right now I can't
even pretend to use that excuse
unfortunately I've been lucky I've never
had a bad back occasionally you know you
wake up a little weird tweak something
in my back and for like an hour it's you
what's out it not out of commission but
like not in a great spot but neck I
always I was like in my early teenage
years some days you just wake up wrong
and all of a sudden you got 24 hours of
looking like Quasimodo
well let's try this no secret room but
we did get the nickel we'll take these
we don't need compost like it might not
necessarily be bad
with rotten baby but coupon is cooler
now we could still get extraordinarily
lucky and get a deal with the devil we
didn't I I still don't think there's a
purpose to using coupon it would be
better if we could reroll our are the
contents of our shop but that's ok hello
Ruka please don't jump up my lap it'll
tweak my vestigial appendage here I
don't understand the purpose of a neck
there's just some parts of the human
body that I think like maybe it's just
cuz I've been watching too much Game of
Thrones but it feels like the neck is
just there to be cut off why don't we
just put the head somewhere that's a
little safer like your brain should be
like inside the earth you know your
chest cavity or something like that just
make it a little harder for the
executioner to get you same thing I
always will the neck in particular not
just for the you know attaching the head
to the body sort of deal but you know
you got a jugular vein right there as
well you could trip and fall catch it on
a rusty fence post or something like
that you're out of commission we gotta
we gotta embed that stuff you telling me
the appendix is you know sealed within
my thoracic cavity more or less my
jugular veins just hanging out my
femoral artery
just waiting to get hit by a renegade
skateboarder please big Warren dying
relatively quickly here is a pretty good
sign that our damage is amazing which to
be fair we already knew but still all
right sure we'll take a free mom's knife
does it ruin our Tears synergy yeah to
some extent but I will always take the
opportunity to take mom's knife
especially you know early on in the game
here in the save I should say because
we've never actually or I shouldn't say
we've never seen it but we've seen it so
little that I certainly don't feel bad
about it mind you it does hamper the
synergy somewhat actually it's kind of
it's kind of bad our rate of fire has
extended our range so much early on that
it's actually kind of hard to hit
enemies but you know I think we'll find
a way to live with it as my guess you
know it would be like the perfect
amalgamation right now is like a quad
shot or a triple shot make it so we can
have like a faster ability to shoot
directly in front of us instead of way
off in the distance no no no we don't
really want that and also potentially
triple or quadruple the amount of damage
done so we don't really need that we
will still check this and I think infamy
in a dime that's top of the line is
probably worth it what we're really
looking for is like coupon restock or
something like that which sounds like
the name of a wide receiver in the NFL
you know now suiting up for the Kansas
City Chiefs coupon restock I could see
it you might think that sounds
ridiculous or even borderline offensive
I want you to remember there's a New
York Giants receiver weight pittsburgh
steelers receiver called ha ha Clinton
Dix so think before you speak
lest yak you acquiesce yourself sorry
for the bad joke it's just you know my
neck hurts so much I can't be I can't
make head turning comedy when I can't
even turn my own head I have completely
forgotten what the backpack does extra
active item room that's right then with
control we can switch between them so
actually this is awesome because we can
use honorable mega MA sorry mama mega
can only be used on one floor does it
open I'm trying to think it definitely
opens the hush floor but we're gonna
make the hush fight already probably I
think you just use it right off the bed
finding the secret rooms pretty much
clear out the whole floor by itself
start generating charges can't get in
there yet thought I was gonna get hurt
there actually I'm gonna stick with the
monkey's paw I'm just a little bit
concerned about our potential HP
situation here but otherwise I think
we're in a good spot it would be nice to
be able to use megamom more frequently
but you know it is what it is
this is double paralysis GB bug I always
think that it's missing though and then
I'm disappointed when it's not sadly not
much we can do about that right now
three pills though bad trip that stinks
I can see forever tears up we definitely
do not need to tears up but it could be
worse I would like some red hearts
please I would like some blue hearts
please I would like that to not be a
joke pill please we can't actually get
over to any of these either because they
blew up from like the inside out which
is a strange expression to say it sounds
a lot more violent than it actually is
but I mean this is a violent video game
better not bring your kids this is rated
M for Mature maybe even a Oh for adults
only should be IO
intellectuals only like Rick and Morty
right I know inspected I'm not trying to
just piggyback on that you know da e
Rick and Morty mean I feel bad about the
Szechuan sauce stuff not because I was
part and parcel to it but you know I
sort of made fun of Rick and Morty like
you know a year ago before it was cool
because the community was really I
wouldn't say aggressive but they
evangelized the the media property that
they enjoyed a great deal and I you know
I kind of take pleasure in ribbing that
because I'm a jerk I suppose but I feel
bad for Rick and Morty fans who are not
out of their minds which again is
probably like 99.999% of them you're
getting you know slandered
because a small subset of your community
are being jerks to McDonald's employees
or were recently jerks to McDonald's
employees at the very least that annoys
me but I didn't want to just leave the
floor I wanted to see what we could get
but baby I feel you in particular
because you know I'm a Vancouver Canucks
fan what a most like what is the average
hockey fan know about the Vancouver
Canucks that annoys me a great deal as
well well you know the city rioted when
they lost in game seven back in 2011
thanks mama mega I really appreciate
this thanks so much for your help
so yeah nice loss are you gonna riot
dude you know a few hundred jerks ruin
it for everybody else I never ride it in
the city I wait patiently in line like
everybody else for my coffee in the
morning I don't I've just started
looting at the drop of a hat haven't you
heard the expression I'm not looting any
community can do it man it it happens so
I feel for you I mean that sincerely not
to mention I watched some Rick and Morty
like two nights ago I was doing an
assignment I had the television on I
said what am I gonna watch the 2008
cyber thriller untraceable has just
finished it was about 72 minutes long
which is always a bad sign for a movie
watched a few episodes of Rick and Morty
Richard and Mortimer and you know what I
was like this is a funny show do you
have to be an intellectual to understand
it no of course not that's ridiculous
and the rest of you you know the ones
but yo posted on forums being all like
you got it
who's your Rick we're sorry who's your
Morty I've taken it on me to bring a
Morty under my wing cool it you guys are
being weird it's a very strange Rick is
not the protagonist of Rick and Morty
just cuz he's smart doesn't mean he's
like a good person being a good person
is more important than being smart I
know a lot of smart people who are
complete jerks
I might even classify myself amongst
them
which is how you know I'm a nice guy
anybody that classifies themselves as a
jerk it's got to be a stand-up
individual right it's much better to be
a Morty than a Rick except for the whole
sex robot thing I don't know I was
getting a little weird I'm not trying to
kink shame but get have a child with a
robot regardless you do have to be an
intellectual to watch the NL SS though
that's just the darn truth that we make
a lot of data is references in fact my
my parents said that my first word was
data not that I'm trying to brag
I do I mean we haven't gotten much value
out of the coop pool out of the coupon I
gotta be honest here we just should not
have taken mom's knife
mom's knife was actually not just a
regrettable choice for taking some
tension out of the run but our rate of
fire is so high it's making it very
difficult to hit enemies like the knife
speed is too fast
I can't reliably get the knife to stand
on top of an enemy for long enough to
kill them in one tick a one one salvo if
you will so we can use a tears downgrade
I might even be of the opinion and it is
a rare situation but I might even be of
the opinion that tears downgrade with no
benefit is actually a good thing right
now just to make the knife a little bit
more shootable well actually a little
bit more shrew double-o of the Dwight
variety we shouldn't moon card out and
take an item from boss dress because
we've already done boss rushes Eden we
do want to do the hush fight and to be
honest we probably could get away with
it right now but the the damage is not
good enough to be excited about it not
to say we couldn't get it done because
mom's knife is kind of somewhat damaged
independent somewhat data independent
that was not smart
No Deal we take the negative both of
these items of trash at least right now
you give us magic mush not magic mush
but enough money we got two item rooms
we got enough HP to survive for the time
being at least we do want to make the
hush fight we got so much time for like
five minutes ahead of schedule for that
so your boy is zero percent sweating
that but he is kind of like 2% sweating
because it 26 degrees Celsius in the
office there we go whenever I say that
it's hot in this office people try to
temperatures blame me it's extremely
annoying haven't you ever heard of a a
fan well actually we have central air
you have your central air on in
September would you make up your
freaking mind what is it is the room
improperly ventilated or is it too
ventilated I don't know here's why the
room gets too hot at all times it's like
six feet by eight feet so it's quite
small it has no window it does have a
ventilation like an air duct in it
however this room with the door closed
me spouting hot air everywhere plus you
know the ambient body temperature oh
this is a new room well to whom much is
given much is tested right and then like
where the thermostat is is in open space
stays cooler longer you know my wife's
office ends up getting extremely cold so
we kind of met Ki bum fantastic we're
kind of in a no-win situation she's too
cold I'm too warm
so we both just kind of suffered to the
degree that is you know capable and
adjust the thermostat when the other is
not looking that being said if it's 26
degrees Celsius why am I wearing a
hoodie cuz I like it okay a hoodie
it's like adult pajamas that you can
sort of wear outside no restock
unfortunately we got a key for free we
will take this I think will pay seven
cents for a pill and I used it
indiscriminately which is not a very
smart idea let me just get this hoodie
completely off here we will not really I
haven't showered yet today I got any
ridiculous I wouldn't call it an
argument cuz I think it's it's more like
I mean the wafer is extremely good it's
more like a verbal sparring thing you
know people watch the NL SS they they
want to get in arguments that are like
pseudo logical extremes because it fits
the brand of the show I can respect that
I understand it I was like you know I
shall once a day no matter what so first
I was like sorry I had to shower and
then Chad was like why are you showering
on a Sunday one person in Chapman said
that I should say and then I was like I
shower every day even if I never go
outside and then somebody else was like
only showering once a day and then they
made the gross face so make up your mind
you know Cosmopolitan group of numerous
amounts of people with differing
opinions why can't you just all agree on
this one thing I said that showering
once a day is average twice a day if you
go to the gym some people looked at me
and said no showering once a day don't
use that's gonna make you spend ten
extra cents a month on water and some
people said showering once a day you
must be real stinky the answer is both
of those are true I can be stinky and
also spend an extra 10 cents a month on
water it's a happy medium alright we can
actually keep the pills now that I think
about it because of the oh yeah idiot
yeah I should have we haven't had the
backpack in so long I forgot we might as
well take this because we have the wafer
I forgot that we actually could have
taken
spacebar items so we could have taken my
lord maybe magic fingers would have been
the better call along with the coupon
although we and we could still use the
coupon like it might end up coming in
handy if we do go to the hush fight but
to be honest as nice as this run is and
it's pretty good
we royally messed up by taking mom's
knife and also we haven't gotten a
single damage up over the whole freaking
game not to mention every pill is
paralysis apparently except for the ones
that are locked down truth is like
what's worse a paralysis pill or a
lockdown
if you answered lockdown you are
incorrect they're both worth noting
right now in fact if you really wanted
to be pedantic you could probably make
an argument that the lockdown pill is
better as ridiculous as that seems
because PhD would turn it into a lock up
grade that being said right kind of
approaching ridiculousness
range down might be effective if we were
forced to take the pills I'd much rather
take paralysis than a lockdown but we're
not forced to take either and we know
what they both are they're both exactly
the same complete junk it's the way I
see it at least it's the way America
sees it and it's worked out pretty well
so far
like the knife going too fast is just a
small subset of our problem right now
and it's manifesting itself as a disease
the disease here is that one touch of
the knife doesn't kill even the most
basic enemies normally that's like
almost never an actual problem
but times have changed even like with a
bunch of flies including rod and baby
we're not really getting the kind of
damage out but it really it's a time to
kill sort of problem like I want to kill
these enemies faster and I don't really
care by which means we're able to make
it happen I just want it to happen the
knife is not doing it as well as it
normally does so I might be content like
we're gonna make the hush fight unless
we really really slow down kind of
squandered our deal with the devil
chances as usual but we're gonna make
the hush fight the question is whether
or not we wants you with like three
point four damage I would settle for a
you know an even negative run obviously
like if we could somehow make mega Satan
happen that's theoretical possibility
please thank you infamy thank you infamy
times two on the same room one more hit
we can use to a diamonds get the heck
out of here okay the bloat will be a
test
please stay still one more attack
one more attack we got him and a deal
with the angel would be incredible
dang well paralysis yet again small rock
to spear at arts still good maybe an
ampere or something hermit geez man down
we go still waiting for our first damage
upgrade of the game
continue moving on here
one of those runs I used to say it was a
weird run but this kind of run archetype
happens more often than I think I give
it credit for we're going really fast
but we feel really weak it's like being
in a bad space ship I feel uneasy
despite the fact that you might look at
it and go you're in space you're going
so fast George why is it called a
spaceship and not a space plane I mean
it's got wings don't even get me started
what do you take to the airport a
shuttle what do you take to the
International Space Station a space
shuttle it doesn't make any soup I don't
pump out well this is what would happen
if Seinfeld stayed on the air till now
was a little risky and not very
intelligent dude I'm not even yanking
your chain this game is 100% luck downs
and paralysis pills that's it it's just
luck downs paralysis pills the
occasional chariot cart
more keys I'm starting to actually
especially given the size of the floor I
was just gonna say I'm gonna doubt our
ability to make it the hush but actually
like we have a 50% chance deal with the
angel could give us key pieces we might
be able to finagle a mega Satan win but
you'll have to forgive me this just
seems like a tedious potential hush
fight I don't really even with a fully
charged coupon and enough keys to go to
those item rooms I don't really want to
do it if we get incredible items I might
consider it right here but let's see
okay I mean we don't need HP yet so
crown of light is really useful this
also gives us a key piece which gives us
an outside chance at a and a mega Satan
fight how would we do it we'd have to
get a joker card where's our most likely
chance to get a joker card you don't
want to you don't want to know because
the answer is definitely through the
blue womb and we got to remember when we
leave I mean we could do delirium but
not super into that idea well it's
actually pretty good so far we want to
leave to Sheol is what I was getting at
o deaths touch absolutely it's also it
tears down oh I thought it was a tears
downgrade will take ruin bag we can make
use out of potato peeler
we didn't get it though we got the
ladder instead lovers card is worth
something I think we do want to like
what what's wrong with my face what
happened my images folder is corrupt I
think I want one Cuba meets with a small
damage upgrade
stick with too hard stick with a coupon
like what's all the textures are
corrupted dude we want the pills still I
mean they haven't done anything we might
as well take this the pills do anything
for us maybe maybe not
oh the game is about to crash Isaac -
new game has stopped working any moment
we're back continue please please be the
same items looks like the same items
alright well in that case maybe don't
take any of the items on there potato
peeler is not incredibly useful
why did we have 13 damaged when we
walked in here last time we had double
damage why was that was it because we
had full HP so the crown was active it
might be give me a set as soon as we buy
a potato peeler it just screws
everything up yeah okay we're gonna roll
with this thing in the hopes that it
doesn't crash the game so let's never go
back into that room so potato peeler was
actually unbelievably useful and I'm
glad I got a chance to see that instead
of just getting like an 8 damage bonus
and not knowing what caused it what
caused it is being at full HP which we
could have done regardless probably but
I mean crown of light gets the full HP
bonus is what I mean to suggest but is
what gives us the full HP bonus rather
but potato peeler allowed us to not have
to buy a red heart and get some extra
damage out of the existing red heart
that we have plus giving us an orbital
might be of some value as we get later
and later here now it doesn't look like
we're gonna be able to fight delirium
I'm not I'm not completely against the
idea
we don't have delirium done uneaten yet
the truth of the matter is although it
looks like this is kind of a plausible
mega Satan run we need to get a deal
with the devil to make it happen and I
don't know what the odds are there
however I know that if we get the key
the second key piece our odds of beating
mega Satan are much better than our odds
of beating Delirium we still got the
whole floor of Delirium items to work in
our favor as well so the answer I mean
quite truthfully is just that I don't
know maybe it's better maybe it's worse
we're gonna have to make a decision
pretty darn soon
one thing's for sure though it was a
very fast mega satan fight by mega satan
i mean the hush of course and by the
hush I mean hush didn't want it distract
you there with the wrong name
hmm Eden's blessing has appeared in the
basement that's fantastic news that's a
lovely item I think I'm gonna try to
lyrium I don't love our odds because the
run is basically 150 thousand percent
dependent on the success of our damage
right now so if we lose if we lose the
bonus from crown of light we're in a
weird spot but we haven't lost the bonus
from crown of life okay I wouldn't say
we're figuring the room out but you know
not taking as dumb of damage as we
oftentimes used to the gauze is fine
let's stack up this HP as high as it'll
go
we have no teleporters so we have to
exercise some common sense essentially
just avoid what's going on here avoid
accidentally walking into the Delirium
fight do some analysis on whether or not
it's likely to be a safe Basara a
dangerous boss or an undercover boss
that's the one you got to worry about
the most
you guys know they made a website based
on Undercover Boss yeah it's called
glass door it's not glass doors a real
website I'm just trying to you know
excuse me does he the secret room is
here why can I not see it
pardon me I'm a little confused and
perturbed by the situation those are new
enemies I don't want to know what you do
looks like high range like sprinkler
shots dude that's a plus 8 damage
upgrade I don't know what it was I can
tell you what it wasn't definitely was
not haggle eyes that's like an
unbelievably strong crickets head pick
up the coupon does nothing you know
there's no shop down here excuse me
safety scissors is irrelevant the more
flies the merrier these are new enemies
as well oh they're not new enemies we've
seen them before could be worse
every bomb is like a one in three chance
at a spirit hard when you find a blue
fire so fairly content there continue
taking the bombs the keys largely
irrelevant
ah that was bad damage I think if this
is delirium I'm okay with it
we did leave our two of hearts card
behind we should go back for that did I
leave it behind like a flora go where
did it go I don't see it under I do see
it okay we'll go back for it on route
the other thing is we can use the arrow
we can double some spirit hearts but we
could also double our two of Hearts card
which would give us a lot of renewable
HP for the Delirium fight assuming notes
we can't carry two in with us that's
fair might be better off just doubling
spirit hearts if we find any other year
Arun what I'm getting at is just that
multiple two of hearts don't do anything
for us until we get like polydactyl or
something like that
the gods always happy to get into
Gossard we could have doubled that we
could have actually quadrupled that
you're not wrong starting to think that
we made the right decision to come down
here but the Delirium fight you know it
is it is humbled many of us in our days
No No thank you sir I'm not interested
in buying what you're selling
mama Gerty aka another easy free item
I'll take the HP on soos so we know that
one of the three boss fights that's not
that one or the one that we're the two
that we're about to go into is going to
be delirium I think it could technically
be the one on the right but it's very
unlikely given how the floors generate
keep in mind we have the wafer as well I
just remembered we actually have way
more HP than it seems like we do yeah
we're gonna be fine I think you know
there's also there's a clever I wouldn't
call it a get-out-of-jail-free card
there's a clever path that we can take
where you know we get hit maybe we get
down to one H or the two HP let's say we
use two of hearts
we use two of hearts get back to full HP
then every time we take damage we could
use the potato peeler and get a little
damage bonus stay at full HP I'm not
sure if that's actually relevant past
this point but stay at full HP and also
get another level cube of meat as well
kind of an interesting thought process
although it's extremely unlikely to be
relevant it might seem like we got like
an easy stomp here but I do want to
remind you that I doubt that that's
gonna be the case once we or slash if we
lose a crown of light because that's
gonna have our damage I think
I think have it like full stop how love
it if you will because I think we're
gonna lose the full bonus from crickets
head as well hey it's not like crickets
head is gonna continue to give us half
of what it sorry 100 percent of what had
already given us I don't know if what
I'm saying makes any sense here
regardless we found delirium it's one of
the few times over the course of this
whole run here that were gonna be happy
that our knife has such ridiculous range
did we accidentally like completely kill
I don't know how we did it we did like
90% of deliriums health in a millisecond
infamy is putting in work by the way I
don't know what we did dude
but delirium just got screwed over there
goes any desire to have to dodge
all right easy when I'm glad I went for
delirium it was a weird run
I kinda wish we stuck with not moms
knife but you know our damage definitely
came through in the end regardless if we
get eaten soul dude that is an awesome
item I'm actually happy to have it for
now thanks for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button upside a great deal of course
subscribe you don't see more in the
future before nowadays watching and I
will see you next time